---
date: 2020-07-17 16:45:02
layout: post
title: "Vivo X50 Pro vs Mi 10"
subtitle: Who is best flagship camera phone?
description: Find out the which suits you the best Vivo x50 pro or Mi 10?
image: https://devskrate.github.io/assets/blog-banners/vivo-x50-pro-vs-mi-10.jpg
optimized_image: https://devskrate.github.io/assets/blog-banners/optimized/vivo-x50-pro-vs-mi-10.webp
author: mohit
category: [mobiles]
tags: [android,vivo,mi]
---
Nowadays camera's in smartphones have become very important and all the mobile manufacturers are trying to do their best to offer the best camera experience. In this article, we will be comparing the Mi 10, which Xioami claims to be the best camera and the [Vivo X50 pro](https://devskrate.com/vivo-x50-vivo-x50-pro-specs-price/), which promises to offer the best video capture. Let's see what suits you the best.


#### Design and Display:
Speaking of design, both of them are glass-sandwich design which is held together by a metal frame, both of them also come with a single punch hole on left and both of them look premium but we prefer the X50 pro because of its frosted back. Speaking of thickness, X50 Pro is a thinner at 8mm while the Mi 10 is 8.9mm. Speaking of the display, X50 Pro comes with a 6.56-inch display which is slightly smaller than Mi 10's 6.67-inch display, the tech used by both of them is AMOLED and both of them come with a 90Hz refresh rate with a Full HD+ resolution. 
#### Internals and Software:
The Mi 10 is powered by the flagship chip from Qualcomm Snapdragon 865, while the X50 pro comes the premium midrange chip from the same company Snapdragon 765. The Mi 10 also comes with a much faster UFS 3.0 while the X50 Pro comes with UFS 2.1 storage. The Mi 10 also offers 8 GB+128 GB  and 12GB + 256GB while the X50 Pro only offers 8GB+256GB variant. Mi 10 comes with MIUI 12 based on Android 10 and X50 Pro comes with FunTouchOS 10.5 based on Android 10. 
#### Battery And Charging:
Speaking of battery, The X50 Pro comes with a 4315 mAh which is a bit smaller than 4780 mAh with which Mi 10 comes with. The Mi 10 also comes 30W fast charging, while the X50 Pro comes with 33W charging. Mi 10 offers fast wireless 30W charging and X50 Pro doesn't offer any type of wireless charging.
#### Camera:
Mi 10 comes with a 20MP selfie camera and Quad-Rear camera, the primary is a 108MP sensor, the second is 13MP Ultra-Wide sensor, the third is a 2MP macro sensor and the last one is 2MP depth sensor. The X50 Pro comes with a 32MP selfie camera and Quad-Rear camera setup, The primary sensor 48MP Sony IMX598 sensor with 5-axis gimbal stabilization, The second is an 8MP periscope camera with a 5x optical zoom and 60x digital zoom. The third one is an 8MP ultra-wide sensor and the last one is a 13MP portrait lens. Mi 10 offers better photos while the X50 Pro offers better video.
#### Extras:
Speaking about Biometrics, both of them come with an in-display fingerprint reader and face-unlock. Both of them offer Wifi 5 and Bluetooth 5.1 for connectivity. Both of them also don't come with 3.5mm jack or a micro-sd card slot which is a bit disappointing.
#### Pricing:
Vivo X50 Pro is priced at Rs. 49,990 for the 8GB+256GB variant while the Mi 10  is priced at Rs. 49,999 for the 8GB+128GB storage variant and the higher 12GB+256GB option is priced at Rs. 54,999. 
#### Verdict:
If you are someone who wants to or shoots a lot of video then the X50 Pro is the better buy and If you are someone who likes to do a bit of gaming and want features like wireless charging, better photos then Mi 10 is the better buy for you.
